feature:optimize S2T modules, removed react-native-audio-api dependency (#140)
software-mansion/react-native-executorch: docs/docs/hookless-api/SpeechToTextModule.md

## Reference

```typescript
import { useSpeechToText } from 'react-native-executorch';
import { AudioContext } from 'react-native-audio-api';

const loadAudio = async (url: string) => {
  const audioContext = new AudioContext({ sampleRate: 16e3 });

>   const audioBuffer = await FileSystem.downloadAsync(

Reviewer: The import for FileSystem is missing

| `encode`     | `(waveform: number[]) => Promise<number[]>`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Runs the encoding part of the model. Returns a float array representing the output of the encoder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `decode`     | `(tokens: number[], encodings?: number[]) => Promise<number[]>`                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Runs the decoder of the model. Returns a single token representing a next token in the output sequence. If `encodings` if provided then they are used for decoding process, if not the cached encodings from most recent `encode` call are used. The cached option is much faster due to very large overhead for comunication between native and react layers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `decode`     | `(tokens: number[], encodings?: number[]) => Promise<number[]>`                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Runs the decoder of the model. Returns a single token representing a next token in the output sequence. If `encodings` is provided then they are used for decoding process, if not the cached encodings from most recent `encode` call are used. The cached option is much faster due to very large overhead for comunication between native and react layers. |
```

| `decode`             | `(tokens: number[], encodings?: number[]) => Promise<number[]>`                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Runs the decoder of the model. Returns a single token representing a next token in the output sequence. If `encodings` are provided then they are used for decoding process, if not then the cached encodings from most recent `encode` call are used. The cached option is much faster due to very large overhead for communication between native and react layers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `configureStreaming` | <code>(overlapSeconds?: number, windowSize?: number, streamingConfig?: 'fast' &#124; 'balanced' &#124; 'quality') => void</code>                                                                                                                                            | Configures options for the streaming algorithm: <ul><li>`overlapSeconds` determines how much adjacent audio chunks (increasing it slows down transcription, decreases probability of weird wording at the chunks intersection, setting it larger than 3 seconds generally is discouraged), </li><li>`windowSize` describes size of the audio chunks (increasing it speeds up the end to end transcription time, but increases latency for the first token to be returned),</li><li> `streamingConfig` predefined configs for `windowSize` and `overlapSeconds` values.</li></ul> Keep `windowSize + 2 * overlapSeconds <= 30`. |

Reviewer: Its still not fixed, there is a missing overlap word after adjacent audio chunks

> | `configureStreaming` | <code>(overlapSeconds?: number, windowSize?: number, streamingConfig?: 'fast' &#124; 'balanced' &#124; 'quality') => void</code>                                                                                                                                           | Configures options for the streaming algorithm: <ul><li>`overlapSeconds` determines how much adjecent audio chunks (increasing it slows down transcription, decreases probability of weird wording at the chunks intersection, setting it larger than 3 seconds generally is discouraged), </li><li>`windowSize` describes size of the audio chunks (increasing it speeds up the end to end transcription time, but increases latency for the first token to be returned),</li><li> `streamingConfig` predifened configs for `windowSize` and `overlapSeconds` values.</li></ul> Keep `windowSize + 2 * overlapSeconds <= 30`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `configureStreaming` | <code>(overlapSeconds?: number, windowSize?: number, streamingConfig?: 'fast' &#124; 'balanced' &#124; 'quality') => void</code>                                                                                                                                           | Configures options for the streaming algorithm: <ul><li>`overlapSeconds` determines how much adjacent audio chunks overlap (increasing it slows down transcription, decreases probability of weird wording at the chunks intersection, setting it larger than 3 seconds generally is discouraged), </li><li>`windowSize` describes size of the audio chunks (increasing it speeds up the end to end transcription time, but increases latency for the first token to be returned),</li><li> `streamingConfig` predefined config for `windowSize` and `overlapSeconds` values.</li></ul> Keep `windowSize + 2 * overlapSeconds <= 30`. |
```

Author: this is intended in plural form, as there are multiple (3) configs for those values

Reviewer: Yeah ik, but streamingConfig refers to a parameter. My chain of thought was that you're passing a config, not configs. Not a big deal but seemed more logical to me. The overlap word is still missing though.
